Document Elastic Agent (#4109)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/orchestrating-elastic-stack-applications/managing-compute-resources.asciidoc

For the container name, you can use `apm-server` or `kibana` as appropriate.

[float]
[id="{p}-compute-resources-beats-agent"]
=== Set compute resources for Beats and Elastic Agent

For Beats or Elastic Agent objects, the `podTemplate` can be configured as follows, depending on the chosen deployment model.

> When deploying as a Kubernetes Deployment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy as a Kubernetes Deployment:
```

Author: I am trying to say: "if you deploy as a Kubernetes Deployment you have to define the resource spec like this", so "Deployment" is already a given.

[source,yaml,subs="attributes"]
----
apiVersion: beat.k8s.elastic.co/v1beta1
kind: Beat
metadata:
  name: quickstart
spec:
  type: filebeat
  version: {version}
  deployment:
    podTemplate:
      spec:
        containers:
        - name: filebeat
          resources:
            requests:
              memory: 300Mi
              cpu: 0.5
            limits:
              memory: 500Mi
              cpu: 0.5
----

> When deploying as a Kubernetes DaemonSet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy as a Kubernetes DaemonSet:
```

Author: Same here.

[source,yaml,subs="attributes"]
----
apiVersion: agent.k8s.elastic.co/v1alpha1
kind: Agent
metadata:
  name: elastic-agent
spec:
  version: {version}
  daemonSet:
    podTemplate:
      spec:
        containers:
        - name: agent
          resources:
            requests:
              memory: 300Mi
              cpu: 0.5
            limits:
              memory: 300Mi
              cpu: 0.5
----

> For the container name, you have to use the name of the Beat in lower case e.g. `filebeat`, `metricbeat` or `heartbeat` or in case of Elastic Agent just `agent`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the container, use the name of the Beat in lower case. For example, `filebeat`, `metricbeat`, or `heartbeat`. In case of Elastic Agent, use `agent`.
```
